Let's take a look at Terraform commands.
So first what I'm going to do is I'm going to browse into my Terraform directory,
go ahead and type in which Terraform,
and that's going to show you the directory where Terraform is installed.
Then from there, go ahead and type in Terraform,
and what you'll see here on the display is a list of
common commands like apply and destroy which you'll get familiar with,
and then plan providers and then some other miscellaneous commands.
So Terraform apply builds infrastructure,
Terraform initializes your Terraform directory,
Terraform tears down or destroys the infrastructure you create with Terraform, etc.
So from here let's browse into,
well, what we know is one of our working directories.
So Udacity, I got one called S3.
So Udacity S3, we're going to
initialize this directory with one of our Terraform command.
So let's try it, terraform init.
Great. So we see we have a message that Terraform has been successfully initialized.
Let's do one more command. Let's try Terraform plan.
Running Terraform plan, since
Terraform are to look at the.TF files that are in that directory,
it reads them, it interprets them,
and then it lists out based on what's in those TF files what it's going to do.
Great. Thanks for watching.